Core Banking System
This project is a small demonstration of the actual working of a bank.It mimics the the system that performs
various kinds of transactions of currency as per our requirement.
This project is made by using concepts of Java i.e. Springboot framework,hibernate,API creation.

Technologies used:
Springboot
SQL
React

The Springboot with the help of hiberanate builds the structure of the project.Using the Springboot framework we create methods
to access,update the data in the database.React helps us display a user-friendly User Interface which allows them to utilise
the services.The SQL stores data about users.It has various tables created representing the components.
Every user has a unique customer id and account numbers which are auto generated by SQL.

Flow of work:
1.The user signs in to the application through the SignUp page if they do not have an existing account or through the Login 
page if they have one.
2.The user is directed to the Home Page where they can see their profile on the top right corner and in the center are 
four boxes three representing the types of accounts and the fourth one offers a drop down menu of other services.
3.The user can select the type of account the want to select and create an account for it.
4.A new account is created for the user if it does not already exists.If an account of that specific type exists for a user 
the user will be directed to its details like account number,name,balance and available services like withdraw,
deposit or viewing the transactions.
5.The users are provided with a text box to enter the sum they want to withdraw or deposit using which the transaction
is carried forward making neccessary changes.
6.The user can terminate the account if required by clicking on the 'terminate' button provided.

Some images of the project have been added to the repositary.
